Announce KeyConf25 Japan Call-for-Papers (#586)
keycloak/keycloak-web: blog/2025/keyconf-25-japan-call-for-papers.adoc

:title: Submit to KeyConf25 Japan Call-for-Papers!
:date: 2025-03-17
:publish: true
:author: Alexander Schwartz
:preview: keyconf25-japan-cfp.png
:summary: Submit your talks to the first-ever KeyConf in Japan! It will happend shortly before KubeCon Japan, so you can join both.

> The call for papers for KeyConf25 Japan is now open! link:https://sessionize.com/keyconf-2025-japan/[Submit your talks] to the first-ever KeyConf in Japan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The call for papers for [KeyConf 2025 Japan](https://community.cncf.io/e/mvnu59/) is now open! link:https://sessionize.com/keyconf-2025-japan/[Submit your talks] to the first-ever KeyConf in Japan.
```

Author: Thank you - yes, this link should be there to provide more information about the event.

> KeyConf 2025 Japan is a free half-day meetup in Tokio, Japan on June 13 where the community of Keycloak gathers.

Reviewer 2: `Tokio` in German might be `Tokyo` in English

Author: Thank you @tnorimat for spotting this. I updated it in the following commit. Please re-review. Thanks!

It provides opportunities for technical lectures, growth, and networking with talks related Identity and Access Management (IAM) and Single Sign On (SSO).

This event is designed to share insights from developers and maintainers, as well as the latest features, updates, and real-world use cases of Keycloak.
Participants will have the valuable opportunity to interact directly with Keycloak experts and other users, deepening their knowledge.

https://sessionize.com/keyconf-2025-japan/[Submit now!]

== Related Events

> A few days later, on June 16-17, https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubecon-cloudnativecon-japan/[KubeCon Japan 2025] takes place in Tokio as well.

Reviewer 2: `Tokio` in German might be `Tokyo` in English

Author: Thank you @tnorimat for spotting this. I updated it in the following commit. Please re-review. Thanks!
